  link "Skip to content"
  banner
    link "Real A11y"
    button "Search"
    navigation "Main Navigation"
      link "Guide"
      link "Concepts"
      link "Recipes"
      link "Packages"
      button "v0.1 · Beta"
    switch "Switch to dark theme"
    link "github"
  complementary
    navigation "Sidebar Navigation"
      button "Introduction"
        heading "Introduction" (level 2)
      link "Getting Started"
        paragraph "Getting Started"
      link "Why Real A11y?"
        paragraph "Why Real A11y?"
      button "Concepts"
        heading "Concepts" (level 2)
      link "Core Concepts"
        paragraph "Core Concepts"
      link "Accessibility-Driven Development"
        paragraph "Accessibility-Driven Development"
      link "Accessibility-Driven Testing"
        paragraph "Accessibility-Driven Testing"
      link "Accessibility Snapshots"
        paragraph "Accessibility Snapshots"
      link "Snapshots vs. Other Tools"
        paragraph "Snapshots vs. Other Tools"
      button "Reading the Tree"
        heading "Reading the Tree" (level 2)
      link "Understanding the Views"
        paragraph "Understanding the Views"
      link "DOM View"
        paragraph "DOM View"
      link "A11y View"
        paragraph "A11y View"
      link "Headings View"
        paragraph "Headings View"
      link "TAB View"
        paragraph "TAB View"
      link "Panel features"
        paragraph "Panel features"
      button "Chrome Extension"
        heading "Chrome Extension" (level 2)
      link "Overview & Install"
        paragraph "Overview & Install"
      button "Packages"
        heading "Packages" (level 2)
      link "@real-a11y-dev/core"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/core"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/inspector"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/inspector"
        link "@real-a11y-dev/testing"
          heading "@real-a11y-dev/testing" (level 3)
        button "toggle section"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/react"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/react"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon"
      button "Recipes"
        heading "Recipes" (level 2)
      link "Next.js (App Router + React 19)"
        paragraph "Next.js (App Router + React 19)"
      link "Storybook 8 + React 19"
        paragraph "Storybook 8 + React 19"
      link "Peer Dependencies"
        paragraph "Peer Dependencies"
      link "CI Diff Bot"
        paragraph "CI Diff Bot"
      button "Reference"
        heading "Reference" (level 2)
      link "Accessible Names"
        paragraph "Accessible Names"
      link "Architecture"
        paragraph "Architecture"
      link "Troubleshooting"
        paragraph "Troubleshooting"
  navigation "On this page"
    heading "On this page" (level 2)
    list
      listitem
        link "The gap it closes"
      listitem
        link "See the tree while you build"
      listitem
        link "The test that fits in the loop"
      listitem
        link "It doesn't replace a screen reader"
      listitem
        link "From dev to CI"
      listitem
        link "Start here"
  main
    heading "Accessibility-Driven Development" (level 1)
    paragraph "You wouldn't build a UI with the DevTools console closed. means building with the just as visible — the roles, names, states, and focus order your users actually depend on become something you watch and shape while you code, not something you discover in an audit weeks later."
      strong "Accessibility-Driven Development"
      emphasis "accessibility tree"
    heading "The gap it closes" (level 2)
    paragraph "On most teams, accessibility is checked — a pre-launch audit, a ticket after a complaint, or never. By then the mistakes are structural and expensive: the that should have been a , the icon with no name, the modal that doesn't trap focus. They were cheap to fix the moment they were written — and impossible to see at that moment, because You can read your JSX; you can't read what a screen reader will make of it until you stop and run axe or boot a screen reader."
      strong "late"
      code "<div onclick>"
      code "<button>"
      strong "the accessibility tree is invisible in a normal dev loop."
    paragraph "Accessibility-Driven Development makes that tree visible"
      emphasis "in the loop you're already in."
    heading "See the tree while you build" (level 2)
    paragraph "The practice is simple: keep the semantic tree on screen next to your app, and watch it update as you work. Build a component, glance at its tree — is that really a , or a ? Does the heading say or did it jump from to ? Is the new field reachable in the tab order? You catch the answer while the code is still under your cursor."
      code "button "Save""
      code "generic"
      code "(level 2)"
      code "h1"
      code "h4"
    paragraph "Real A11y renders that tree from , in whichever context you already work:"
      strong "one engine"
    list
      listitem "— any page, any app, zero setup. Inspect the tree, interact through it, and pull the to experience the page with the visual layer gone."
        strong
          link "Chrome extension"
        strong "screen curtain"
      listitem "— drop (or the hook) into your app; the tree updates live as your components re-render."
        strong
          link "@real-a11y-dev/react"
            code "@real-a11y-dev/react"
        code "<SemanticNavigator />"
        code "useSemanticTree"
      listitem "— the same panel, framework-agnostic, gated to your dev build."
        strong
          link "@real-a11y-dev/inspector"
            code "@real-a11y-dev/inspector"
      listitem "— every story gets a tree panel, so component-level accessibility is something you develop alongside the design system, one component at a time."
        strong
          link "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon"
            code "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon"
    paragraph "Same extraction everywhere — what you see in the panel is exactly what you'll later commit as a snapshot."
    heading "The test that fits in the loop" (level 2)
    paragraph "There's a single question that turns inspection into a workflow:"
    blockquote
      paragraph
        strong "If you can complete the task through the accessibility tree, your users probably can too. If you can't — that's the bug."
    paragraph "Try to check out, submit the form, close the dialog — using the tree, not the visual UI. Dispatch actions through it; send keys with the keyboard bar. When you can't find the control or can't tell if the action worked, stop: that's not a hypothetical, it's the exact wall your screen-reader users hit. The makes it unavoidable — black out the page and the only way through is the semantics you built."
      strong "curtain"
    heading "It doesn't replace a screen reader" (level 2)
    paragraph "This is the fast, structural first pass — missing names, wrong roles, broken tab order, unlabeled landmarks — the large and mechanical class of problems, caught where every developer already works. It does reproduce how NVDA, VoiceOver, or JAWS actually announce your app. Use this to ship far fewer bugs into the real-AT testing you still do before release; it makes those sessions shorter, not optional."
      strong "not"
    heading "From dev to CI" (level 2)
    paragraph "The tree you inspect while building is byte-identical to the one you can assert on and commit — so the natural next step is to lock it in: the same structure becomes a snapshot and a set of assertions that fail the build if anyone regresses it. That's ."
      link "Accessibility-Driven Testing"
        strong "Accessibility-Driven Testing"
    heading "Start here" (level 2)
    list
      listitem "→ the"
        strong "Any app, right now"
        link "Chrome extension"
      listitem "→"
        strong "In your React app"
        link "@real-a11y-dev/react"
          code "@real-a11y-dev/react"
      listitem "→"
        strong "In your design system"
        link "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon"
          code "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon"
      listitem "→"
        strong "New to the tree itself?"
        link "Reading the A11y view"
  contentinfo
    link "Edit this page on GitHub"
    paragraph "Last updated:"
      time "[redacted]"
    navigation "Pager"
      link "Previous pageCore Concepts"
      link "Next pageAccessibility-Driven Testing"