  link "Skip to content"
  banner
    link "Real A11y"
    button "Search"
    navigation "Main Navigation"
      link "Guide"
      link "Recipes"
      link "Packages"
      button "v0.1 · Beta"
    switch "Switch to dark theme"
    link "github"
  complementary
    navigation "Sidebar Navigation"
      button "Introduction"
        heading "Introduction" (level 2)
      link "Getting Started"
        paragraph "Getting Started"
      link "Core Concepts"
        paragraph "Core Concepts"
      link "Accessibility Snapshots"
        paragraph "Accessibility Snapshots"
      link "Snapshots vs. Other Tools"
        paragraph "Snapshots vs. Other Tools"
      link "Why Real A11y?"
        paragraph "Why Real A11y?"
      button "Reading the Tree"
        heading "Reading the Tree" (level 2)
      link "Understanding the Views"
        paragraph "Understanding the Views"
      link "DOM View"
        paragraph "DOM View"
      link "A11y View"
        paragraph "A11y View"
      link "Headings View"
        paragraph "Headings View"
      link "TAB View"
        paragraph "TAB View"
      link "Panel features"
        paragraph "Panel features"
      button "Chrome Extension"
        heading "Chrome Extension" (level 2)
      link "Overview & Install"
        paragraph "Overview & Install"
      button "Packages"
        heading "Packages" (level 2)
      link "@real-a11y-dev/core"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/core"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/inspector"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/inspector"
        link "@real-a11y-dev/testing"
          heading "@real-a11y-dev/testing" (level 3)
        button "toggle section"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/react"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/react"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/mcp"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/mcp"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/cli"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/cli"
      button "Recipes"
        heading "Recipes" (level 2)
      link "Next.js (App Router + React 19)"
        paragraph "Next.js (App Router + React 19)"
      link "Storybook 8 + React 19"
        paragraph "Storybook 8 + React 19"
      link "Peer Dependencies"
        paragraph "Peer Dependencies"
      link "CI Diff Bot"
        paragraph "CI Diff Bot"
      button "Reference"
        heading "Reference" (level 2)
      link "Authenticated Pages"
        paragraph "Authenticated Pages"
      link "Accessible Names"
        paragraph "Accessible Names"
      link "Architecture"
        paragraph "Architecture"
      link "Troubleshooting"
        paragraph "Troubleshooting"
  navigation "On this page"
    heading "On this page" (level 2)
    list
      listitem
        link "What you see"
      listitem
        link "How tab order works"
      listitem
        link "What to check"
      listitem
        link "Common patterns and what they look like"
      listitem
        link "The relationship to the A11y view"
  main
    heading "Reading the TAB View" (level 1)
    blockquote
      paragraph "The TAB view matches the output of in the testing package — same ordering, same formatting. Whether you're reading it in the Chrome extension, the Storybook addon, or a committed Playwright snapshot fixture, this page applies."
        link "tabSequenceSnapshot()"
          code "tabSequenceSnapshot()"
    paragraph "The TAB view answers one question:"
      strong "can a keyboard user reach everything they need to, in the right order?"
    paragraph "It shows every focusable element on the page as a flat, numbered list — the exact sequence a user would encounter them by pressing Tab, from first to last. No nesting, no hierarchy. Just the order of keyboard focus."
    img "Tab order view: focusable elements shown as numbered bars in sequence — sky-blue links from banner, nav, aside, and footer, rose inputs and a green button from main — each labeled with which landmark it belongs to."
    paragraph "The color tells you the element type. The badge on the right tells you which section it came from. The number is the tab position."
    separator
    heading "What you see" (level 2)
    paragraph "Each row is one focusable element, in tab order. For each one you'll see:"
    list
      listitem "— where in the tab sequence this element falls"
        strong "A position number"
      listitem "— , , , , etc."
        strong "The role"
        code "button"
        code "link"
        code "textbox"
        code "checkbox"
      listitem "— what it's called (same as in the A11y view)"
        strong "The accessible name"
      listitem "— , , , etc."
        strong "The HTML tag"
        code "<button>"
        code "<a>"
        code "<input>"
      listitem "— only shown when the element has an explicit positive tabindex value (see below)"
        strong "An amber badge"
          code "tabindex=N"
    separator
    heading "How tab order works" (level 2)
    paragraph "Browsers determine tab order using two rules, applied in this sequence:"
    list
      listitem "Elements with a (like , ) come first, sorted from lowest to highest. Elements with the same value are sorted by their position in the document."
        strong "positive"
          code "tabindex"
        code "tabindex="1""
        code "tabindex="2""
      listitem "Everything else — elements with or no tabindex at all — follows in (top to bottom, left to right)."
        code "tabindex="0""
        strong "document order"
    paragraph "Elements with are completely excluded. They're reachable programmatically (via JavaScript's ), but invisible to the Tab key."
      code "tabindex="-1""
      code ".focus()"
    paragraph "The TAB view reflects this computed order exactly."
    separator
    heading "What to check" (level 2)
    heading "Order matches the visual flow" (level 3)
    paragraph "Tab order should feel predictable. A user who can see the page expects focus to move left to right, top to bottom — the same way they'd read it. If someone tabs through a navigation bar and focus jumps to the footer before reaching the main content, something is wrong."
    paragraph "Compare the TAB view numbers to the visual layout of your page. If a header contains the skip link at number 1 and the search field at number 2 — but the search field appears after a hundred nav items visually — keyboard users are in for a confusing ride."
      code "position: fixed"
    heading "Every interactive element is reachable" (level 3)
    paragraph "Scan the list. Does every button, link, input, select, and interactive control appear? If something is missing, keyboard users can't reach it."
    paragraph "Common reasons an element is absent:"
    list
      listitem "It's a or with a click handler but no or . It's mouse-only."
        code "<div>"
        code "<span>"
        code "tabindex"
        code "role"
      listitem "It has — reachable by script, but not by Tab."
        code "tabindex="-1""
      listitem "It has , , or ."
        code "display: none"
        code "visibility: hidden"
        code "aria-hidden="true""
      listitem "It has the attribute (disabled elements are correctly excluded from tab order)."
        code "disabled"
    heading "Nothing unreachable appears in the list" (level 3)
    paragraph "The opposite problem: elements that show focus but shouldn't. A visually hidden element that's still in tab order means keyboard focus will land somewhere invisible — and the user will have no idea where they are."
    paragraph "This often happens with off-screen drawers or modals that haven't been properly hidden from the accessibility tree while closed."
    heading "Amber badges — positive tabindex" (level 3)
    paragraph "If you see or badges, that's almost always a mistake. Here's why:"
      code "tabindex=2"
      code "tabindex=5"
    paragraph "Positive tabindex values pull elements to the front of the tab queue, ahead of everything else in the document regardless of where they appear in the markup. The result is that focus jumps around the page in an order that doesn't match anything visual — disorienting for any keyboard user."
    paragraph ", not to manage tab order through values. Put elements in the document in the order you want them to be focused. Then tab order is natural and requires no maintenance."
      strong "The fix is to reorder the DOM"
      code "tabindex"
    paragraph "The only legitimate use of is for programmatically managing focus (e.g., moving focus into a modal when it opens). Positive values beyond that are a code smell."
      code "tabindex="-1""
    heading "Focus traps inside modals and dialogs" (level 3)
    paragraph "When a dialog is open, Tab should cycle only through elements inside it — it should never escape to the content behind. The TAB view will show you all focusable elements, so you can check whether the dialog contains everything it should and whether elements behind it are visible in the list when they shouldn't be."
    paragraph "A correct focus trap:"
    list
      listitem "Contains all interactive elements in the dialog"
      listitem "Wraps from the last element back to the first when Tab is pressed at the end"
      listitem "Returns focus to the trigger element when the dialog closes"
    separator
    heading "Common patterns and what they look like" (level 2)
    paragraph
      strong "A healthy form"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "Clean sequence, matches visual order, every field and action reachable."
    separator
    paragraph
      strong "A broken icon toolbar"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "Three buttons in sequence — but no names. A keyboard user tabbing through hears: Fix by adding to each icon button."
      emphasis ""button, button, button.""
      code "aria-label"
    separator
    paragraph
      strong "Positive tabindex disrupting flow"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "The Submit button and Home link appear first in the tab order even though they might be at the bottom of the document. Remove the tabindex values and reorder the HTML."
    separator
    heading "The relationship to the A11y view" (level 2)
    paragraph "The TAB view and the A11y view are complementary. A11y shows you structure and labeling — whether elements have correct roles and names. TAB shows you reachability and order — whether keyboard users can get to those elements at all."
    paragraph "An element can have a perfect role and accessible name in the A11y view but still be unreachable if it's not focusable. Conversely, an element can appear in the TAB view with no useful name. You need both to get the full picture."
  contentinfo
    link "Edit this page on GitHub"
    paragraph "Last updated:"
      time "[redacted]"
    navigation "Pager"
      link "Previous pageHeadings View"
      link "Next pagePanel features"