  link "Skip to content"
  banner
    link "Real A11y"
    button "Search"
    navigation "Main Navigation"
      link "Guide"
      link "Recipes"
      link "Packages"
      button "v0.1 · Beta"
    switch "Switch to dark theme"
    link "github"
  complementary
    navigation "Sidebar Navigation"
      button "Introduction"
        heading "Introduction" (level 2)
      link "Getting Started"
        paragraph "Getting Started"
      link "Core Concepts"
        paragraph "Core Concepts"
      link "Accessibility Snapshots"
        paragraph "Accessibility Snapshots"
      link "Snapshots vs. Other Tools"
        paragraph "Snapshots vs. Other Tools"
      link "Why Real A11y?"
        paragraph "Why Real A11y?"
      button "Reading the Tree"
        heading "Reading the Tree" (level 2)
      link "Understanding the Views"
        paragraph "Understanding the Views"
      link "DOM View"
        paragraph "DOM View"
      link "A11y View"
        paragraph "A11y View"
      link "Headings View"
        paragraph "Headings View"
      link "TAB View"
        paragraph "TAB View"
      link "Panel features"
        paragraph "Panel features"
      button "Chrome Extension"
        heading "Chrome Extension" (level 2)
      link "Overview & Install"
        paragraph "Overview & Install"
      button "Packages"
        heading "Packages" (level 2)
      link "@real-a11y-dev/core"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/core"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/inspector"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/inspector"
        link "@real-a11y-dev/testing"
          heading "@real-a11y-dev/testing" (level 3)
        button "toggle section"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/react"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/react"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon"
        link "@real-a11y-dev/mcp"
          heading "@real-a11y-dev/mcp" (level 3)
        button "toggle section"
        link "@real-a11y-dev/cli"
          heading "@real-a11y-dev/cli" (level 3)
        button "toggle section"
      button "Recipes"
        heading "Recipes" (level 2)
      link "Next.js (App Router + React 19)"
        paragraph "Next.js (App Router + React 19)"
      link "Storybook 8 + React 19"
        paragraph "Storybook 8 + React 19"
      link "Peer Dependencies"
        paragraph "Peer Dependencies"
      link "CI Diff Bot"
        paragraph "CI Diff Bot"
      button "Reference"
        heading "Reference" (level 2)
      link "Authenticated Pages"
        paragraph "Authenticated Pages"
      link "Accessible Names"
        paragraph "Accessible Names"
      link "Architecture"
        paragraph "Architecture"
      link "Troubleshooting"
        paragraph "Troubleshooting"
  navigation "On this page"
    heading "On this page" (level 2)
    list
      listitem
        link "Saved session (recommended)"
      listitem
        link "Attach to your logged-in browser (--cdp)"
      listitem
        link "Security"
      listitem
        link "See also"
  main
    heading "Auditing authenticated pages" (level 1)
    paragraph "Most real accessibility problems live a login — the dashboard, the settings screen, the checkout. Both the and the can audit those pages, and the guiding rule is the same for both: Your password is never typed by an agent, never passed as a flag, never stored in shell history."
      emphasis "behind"
      link "CLI"
      link "MCP server"
      strong "you log in; the tool reuses the session."
    paragraph "There are two ways in. Reach for the first by default."
    table
      rowgroup
        row
          rowheader "Aspect"
          rowheader "Saved session (--storage-state)"
            strong "Saved session"
            code "--storage-state"
          rowheader "Attach to your browser (--cdp)"
            strong "Attach to your browser"
            code "--cdp"
      rowgroup
        row
          cell "How"
          cell "Log in once, save a session file, reuse it"
          cell "Point the tool at a Chrome you're already logged into"
        row
          cell "Best for"
          cell "Repeatable audits, CI, "the logged-in dashboard""
          cell "One-off / interactive, SSO or MFA too painful to script"
        row
          cell "Reproducible?"
          cell "Yes — commit the workflow, not the file"
          cell "No — depends on your live browser"
        row
          cell "Device emulation"
          cell "Works"
          cell "Not available (reuses the running browser)"
        row
          cell "Password to the tool?"
          cell "No"
          cell "No"
    heading "Saved session (recommended)" (level 2)
    heading "1. Save the session" (level 3)
    paragraph "Run once. It opens a browser — log in by hand, and MFA, SSO, and passkeys all work, because a person is driving. Then press in the terminal to save."
      code "login"
      strong "visible"
      strong "Enter"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "Accept cookie banners before pressing Enter"
    paragraph "If the site shows a cookie-consent dialog, accept or dismiss it in the login window before saving — otherwise the consent cookie isn't in your session and the banner reappears (and can dominate the audited tree) on every later run."
    heading "2. Audit with it" (level 3)
    paragraph "Pass the file to any browser command:"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "Give single-page apps time to hydrate"
    paragraph "A logged-in SPA reads the session, calls its API, and renders — all after the initial load. If you capture a half-rendered or redirected view, settle it: ."
      code "--wait-until networkidle --settle 3000"
    heading "Origin pinning" (level 3)
    paragraph "When a session is loaded, auditing is . If a page redirects off that origin, extraction is refused (exit ) rather than silently auditing wherever it landed:"
      strong "pinned to the origin you asked for"
      code "2"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "This is a safeguard: a saved session carries live cookies, and a stray or hostile redirect to another cookie-matching origin could otherwise pull an unintended authenticated page into your report. If the redirect is legitimate — an SSO bounce that ends on a second origin — allow it explicitly:"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "Refusal is also a useful signal: it usually means the and the site bounced you to a login page. Re-run to refresh ."
      strong "session expired"
      code "login"
      code "auth.json"
    heading "In the MCP server" (level 3)
    paragraph "The same drives the MCP server: point it at the file with and pin the origin with — the env-var mirror of the CLI's and . See the for both."
      code "auth.json"
      code "REAL_A11Y_MCP_STORAGE_STATE=auth.json"
      code "REAL_A11Y_MCP_ALLOWED_ORIGINS"
      code "--storage-state"
      code "--audit-origin"
      link "MCP configuration"
    heading "Attach to your logged-in browser (--cdp)" (level 2)
      code "--cdp"
    paragraph "For a one-off — or an app whose auth lives in , which a saved session can't capture — skip the file and attach to a Chrome you're already signed into. Start Chrome with remote debugging , log in, then point the tool at it:"
      code "sessionStorage"
      strong "on a throwaway profile"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "Use a dedicated profile for CDP"
    paragraph "Attaching over CDP connects to whatever Chrome is on that port — (email, banking). Always launch a separate profile with its own , never enable remote debugging on your main profile."
      strong "including your everyday browser and its logged-in sessions"
      strong "--user-data-dir"
    paragraph "The MCP server uses the same mechanism via the environment variable — see the ."
      code "REAL_A11Y_MCP_CDP"
      link "MCP configuration"
    heading "Security" (level 2)
    paragraph "The saved session file is a — treat like a password:"
      strong "credential"
      code "auth.json"
    list
      listitem "It holds live session tokens. writes it with owner-only permissions and warns if it lands un-gitignored inside a repo — add it to ."
        strong "Never commit it."
        code "login"
        code ".gitignore"
      listitem ", not your admin or personal account. Anyone (or any agent) with the file can read every page that session can reach."
        strong "Use a dedicated low-privilege test account"
      listitem "— it stops working when the site's session expires. is the re-auth path."
        strong "It's short-lived"
        code "login"
      listitem "Apps that keep auth there will land logged-out after a saved-session restore — use for those."
        strong "is not captured."
          code "sessionStorage"
        code "--cdp"
    heading "In CI" (level 3)
    paragraph "Provision the file from a secret at job start; hosted runners are ephemeral, so no cleanup step is needed:"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "Rotate by re-running locally and updating the secret."
      code "login"
    paragraph "Never run untrusted config with a live session"
    paragraph "Do not audit a pull-request-controlled URL or config while a secret-provisioned session is loaded (e.g. under a trigger). A PR could point the audit at an attacker page that redirects into your authenticated site. Keep the audit target a literal in the workflow — origin pinning then fails closed on any redirect elsewhere."
      strong "pull_request_target"
    heading "See also" (level 2)
    list
      listitem "— the full command reference."
        link "@real-a11y-dev/cli"
          code "@real-a11y-dev/cli"
      listitem "— the same audit for AI agents."
        link "@real-a11y-dev/mcp"
          code "@real-a11y-dev/mcp"
  contentinfo
    link "Edit this page on GitHub"
    paragraph "Last updated:"
      time "[redacted]"
    navigation "Pager"
      link "Previous pageCI Diff Bot"
      link "Next pageAccessible Names"