navigation "On this page"
  heading "On this page" (level 2)
  list
    listitem
      link "The gap"
    listitem
      link "How they complement each other"
    listitem
      link "Design principles"
main
  heading "Why Real A11y?" (level 1)
  paragraph "Existing accessibility tools check rules. Real A11y checks experience."
  heading "The gap" (level 2)
  paragraph "and similar rule engines are excellent for catching violations — missing labels, invalid ARIA, color contrast failures. They tell you when something is broken."
    strong "axe-core"
  paragraph "But they don't tell you:"
  list
    listitem "What does a screen reader user actually hear when they navigate this page?"
    listitem "Is the heading structure coherent enough to skim?"
    listitem "Does tab order follow a logical sequence?"
    listitem "After I interact with this dropdown, is the right element focused?"
    listitem "Did the modal close and restore focus to the trigger?"
  paragraph "Those questions require reasoning about the , not individual-element rule checks."
    strong "semantic tree as a whole"
  paragraph "is excellent for querying individual elements by role and name — the way users find them. But it doesn't reason about tree-level structure, tab sequences, or how the tree changes after user interactions."
    strong "Testing Library"
  paragraph "Real A11y fills the space between rule-checking and element-querying: it exposes the full semantic tree so you can assert on the complete picture."
  separator
  heading "How they complement each other" (level 2)
  table
    rowgroup
      row
        columnheader "Tool"
        columnheader "Strength"
        columnheader "Real A11y difference"
    rowgroup
      row
        cell "axe-core"
        cell "Rule violations"
        cell "Tree-level structure + flow assertions"
      row
        cell "Testing Library"
        cell "Finding elements"
        cell "Tab order, outline, tree diffing"
      row
        cell "Playwright A11y snapshot"
        cell "Browser accessibility tree"
        cell "Works in jsdom too, plus assertions"
      row
        cell "Manual screen reader testing"
        cell "Real user experience"
        cell "Automates the structural checks"
  paragraph "Real A11y is not a replacement for axe — it's a complement. Run axe for rule violations; use Real A11y for structural assertions; use Testing Library for user-interaction tests."
    strong "Use all of them."
  paragraph "And it isn't only for humans: the same structural audits are exposed to AI coding agents through an — a surface neither axe nor Testing Library offers."
    link "MCP server"
  separator
  heading "Design principles" (level 2)
  paragraph "The same extraction logic runs in jsdom (Vitest), in a real browser (Playwright), inside the Storybook preview iframe, in the interactive tree panel, from the shell (the CLI), and inside an MCP server for AI agents. There's no "jsdom mode" with different behavior."
    strong "1. One engine, every context."
    code "real-a11y"
  paragraph "produces a stable string — same DOM, same string, every time, on every machine. No timestamps, no generated IDs, no ordering surprises. Safe to commit to version control."
    strong "2. Deterministic output."
    code "treeSnapshot()"
  paragraph "doesn't return . It throws an with the specific element, its location in the tree, and a fix suggestion — because you're reading a test failure message at 2am and you need the answer, not a boolean."
    strong "3. Fail loudly with context."
    code "assertNoUnlabeledInteractive()"
    code "true/false"
    code "A11yAssertionError"
  paragraph "Shadow DOM isolation is the default. The embed panel can't break your app's layout; your app's styles can't break the panel. Every configuration that could cause a side effect (hover highlights, scroll-into-view, focus theft) is opt-in."
    strong "4. No CSS side effects by default."
  paragraph "The extraction engine has zero non-standard dependencies. The React, Storybook, CLI, and MCP packages are wrappers around it — bundled, not installed separately, and the same code in every one."
    strong "5. Framework-agnostic core."
contentinfo
  link "Edit this page on GitHub"
  paragraph "Last updated:"
    time "[redacted]"
  navigation "Pager"
    link "Previous pageSnapshots vs. Other Tools"
    link "Next pageUnderstanding the Views"