  link "Skip to content"
  banner
    link "Real A11y"
    button "Search"
    navigation "Main Navigation"
      link "Guide"
      link "Recipes"
      link "Packages"
      button "v0.1 · Beta"
    switch "Switch to dark theme"
    link "github"
  complementary
    navigation "Sidebar Navigation"
      button "Introduction"
        heading "Introduction" (level 2)
      link "Getting Started"
        paragraph "Getting Started"
      link "Core Concepts"
        paragraph "Core Concepts"
      link "Accessibility Snapshots"
        paragraph "Accessibility Snapshots"
      link "Snapshots vs. Other Tools"
        paragraph "Snapshots vs. Other Tools"
      link "Why Real A11y?"
        paragraph "Why Real A11y?"
      button "Reading the Tree"
        heading "Reading the Tree" (level 2)
      link "Understanding the Views"
        paragraph "Understanding the Views"
      link "DOM View"
        paragraph "DOM View"
      link "A11y View"
        paragraph "A11y View"
      link "Headings View"
        paragraph "Headings View"
      link "TAB View"
        paragraph "TAB View"
      link "Panel features"
        paragraph "Panel features"
      button "Chrome Extension"
        heading "Chrome Extension" (level 2)
      link "Overview & Install"
        paragraph "Overview & Install"
      button "Packages"
        heading "Packages" (level 2)
      link "@real-a11y-dev/core"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/core"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/inspector"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/inspector"
        link "@real-a11y-dev/testing"
          heading "@real-a11y-dev/testing" (level 3)
        button "toggle section"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/react"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/react"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon"
      button "Recipes"
        heading "Recipes" (level 2)
      link "Next.js (App Router + React 19)"
        paragraph "Next.js (App Router + React 19)"
      link "Storybook 8 + React 19"
        paragraph "Storybook 8 + React 19"
      link "Peer Dependencies"
        paragraph "Peer Dependencies"
      link "CI Diff Bot"
        paragraph "CI Diff Bot"
      button "Reference"
        heading "Reference" (level 2)
      link "Accessible Names"
        paragraph "Accessible Names"
      link "Architecture"
        paragraph "Architecture"
      link "Troubleshooting"
        paragraph "Troubleshooting"
  navigation "On this page"
    heading "On this page" (level 2)
    list
      listitem
        link "Repeated link text"
      listitem
        link "Navigation built as an application menu"
      listitem
        link "A dialog role on something that isn't a modal"
      listitem
        link "Skipped heading levels"
      listitem
        link "Redundant names"
      listitem
        link "What the tree can't tell you"
      listitem
        link "See also"
  main
    heading "Reading Good Semantics" (level 1)
    paragraph "Preview page"
    paragraph "This guide is a draft and isn't in the sidebar yet — it's reachable by direct link while it settles. The content is stable, but the page may move or change before it's linked from the main navigation."
    blockquote
      paragraph "Real A11y is a , not an auditor. The tree shows you exactly what assistive technology perceives — every exposed node, the role the author declared, the computed name, and nothing that's hidden. What it deliberately does do is editorialize: it won't tell you a name is , only what the name . This page teaches you to make that judgment yourself by reading the tree."
        strong "faithful lens"
        emphasis "not"
        emphasis "bad"
        emphasis "is"
    paragraph "Most semantic problems aren't invisible — they're sitting right there in the tree, in plain sight, once you know the shape of them. A few of these Real A11y assert on (heading order is the one demonstrated below — see ); most are judgments that depend on context, which is exactly why they belong in your eyes and not in a rule that would cry wolf."
      emphasis "does"
      link "the testing package"
    paragraph "Every example below is a pattern you'll meet on real production sites — shown here on one small engineering-blog homepage so the tree excerpts stay consistent."
    paragraph "The mindset"
    paragraph "For each pattern, read the tree the way a screen reader user hears it — top to bottom, role then name, with no visual layout to lean on. If can't tell what a node does or where it goes from its role and name alone, neither can they."
      emphasis "you"
    separator
    heading "Repeated link text" (level 2)
    paragraph "You'll see the same accessible name on several links that go to different places:"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "A screen reader can pull up a list of every link on the page (VoiceOver's rotor, NVDA's Elements List, JAWS's links list). Out of that flat list, three entries all read — with no way to tell which story is which. The visual context (the card next to it) is gone."
      strong "What a user experiences."
      emphasis ""Continue reading""
    paragraph "Give each link a distinct accessible name, or fold the context in:"
      strong "The fix."
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "Keep the visible words the accessible name — the above still starts with , so it satisfies and voice-control users can still say "Continue reading" to click it. Append context; don't replace the visible text."
      emphasis "inside"
      code "aria-label"
      emphasis ""Continue reading""
      link "WCAG 2.5.3 Label in Name"
    paragraph "Repeated link text is fine — if each link is programmatically associated with its context ( pointing at the card heading, for instance), assistive tech can distinguish them. That "it depends" is exactly why this is guidance, not an automated failure."
      strong "The nuance (why it's not a rule)."
      emphasis "sometimes"
      code "aria-labelledby"
      emphasis "(WCAG 2.4.4 Link Purpose)"
    separator
    heading "Navigation built as an application menu" (level 2)
    paragraph "The site's primary navigation shows up with / roles:"
      code "menubar"
      code "menuitem"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "and are for — the File/Edit/View bar of a desktop app — and they carry a keyboard contract: arrow keys move between items, exits the whole menu, one item at a time is focusable. A screen reader announces But these are just page links. Users expect to move through them and to navigate — the menu contract is almost never actually implemented, so the announced behavior and the real behavior disagree."
      strong "What a user experiences."
      code "menu"
      code "menubar"
      emphasis "application menus"
      code "Tab"
      emphasis ""menu bar, Home, menu item.""
      code "Tab"
      code "Enter"
    paragraph "Site navigation is a list of links inside a navigation landmark:"
      strong "The fix."
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "In the tree that becomes a landmark with plain children — discoverable by "jump to landmarks," and behaving the way users expect."
      code "navigation"
      code "link"
      emphasis "(WCAG 4.1.2 Name, Role, Value; cautions against for site nav.)"
        link "APG"
        code "menubar"
    separator
    heading "A dialog role on something that isn't a modal" (level 2)
    paragraph "A cookie-consent banner carries :"
      code "alertdialog"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "means — and it implies a : focus is trapped, the rest of the page is inert until you deal with it. A persistent consent bar at the bottom of the page is usually neither urgent nor modal. So the role advertises a focus trap that was never built, and labels a routine, always-there bar as an urgent dialog. (Note: an is announced when focus lands on it — unlike , it does barge into the screen reader's speech on its own.)"
      strong "What a user experiences."
      code "alertdialog"
      emphasis ""an urgent message that demands an immediate response""
      strong "modal"
      code "alertdialog"
      code "role="alert""
      emphasis "not"
    paragraph "If the banner is non-modal, a labeled region is honest about what it is — a named already exposes as a landmark, so no explicit is needed:"
      strong "The fix."
      code "<section>"
      code "region"
      code "role"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "If it genuinely block the page, make it a real modal by opening a native with . That handles modality, the top layer, and inertness of the rest of the page — and exposes for you, so don't set that attribute by hand (a static claims a modal that isn't one — the exact lie this section warns against). Then own the focus contract: move focus into the dialog on open ( the primary control), return it to the trigger on close, dismiss on , and keep inside. Only then is / honest. Match the role to the actual behavior."
      emphasis "should"
      code "<dialog>"
      code "dialogEl.showModal()"
      code "aria-modal="true""
      code "aria-modal"
      code "autofocus"
      code "Esc"
      code "Tab"
      code "dialog"
      code "alertdialog"
      emphasis "(WCAG 4.1.2)"
    separator
    heading "Skipped heading levels" (level 2)
    paragraph "In the tree, the heading levels jump — straight from to , with no between them:"
      code "(level 1)"
      code "(level 3)"
      code "(level 2)"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "Screen reader users navigate by heading and rely on the to understand nesting — a heading straight after the implies a missing section, as if content were skipped. Levels should describe the document's structure, not be chosen for their visual size."
      strong "What a user experiences."
      emphasis "level"
      code "(level 3)"
      code "(level 1)"
      code "h2"
    paragraph "Use sequential levels ( → → ) and style them with CSS if you want an to small."
      strong "The fix."
      code "h1"
      code "h2"
      code "h3"
      code "h2"
      emphasis "look"
    paragraph "Where guidance hardens into a rule"
    paragraph "Real A11y asserts on a few of these topics, and is one. A skipped level is a strong signal, not a guaranteed failure — WCAG 1.3.1 fails only when the level contradicts the structure the design conveys — so the check is a heuristic that flags problems worth a look. The same split runs through the other assertions: asserts the objective sub-case (a dialog with name is always wrong) while "is even the right role?" stays a judgment; asserts the countable sub-case (exactly one ) while "should this nav be a ?" stays a judgment. The objective slice becomes a rule; the judgment stays on this page."
      strong "narrow, exception-free slices"
      link "assertHeadingOrder()"
        code "assertHeadingOrder()"
      emphasis "likely"
      code "dialog-labeled"
      emphasis "no"
      code "alertdialog"
      code "landmark-structure"
      code "main"
      code "menubar"
      emphasis "(WCAG 1.3.1)"
    separator
    heading "Redundant names" (level 2)
    paragraph "An image repeats the name of the heading right next to it:"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "Reading through the card, a screen reader announces — the same name twice, with no new information the second time. It's noise."
      strong "What a user experiences."
      emphasis ""Migrating our API to GraphQL, heading… Migrating our API to GraphQL, image""
    paragraph "If the image doesn't add information the heading already gave, mark it decorative so it's skipped:"
      strong "The fix."
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "If it convey something new (who's pictured, what they're doing), let the say instead of echoing the heading."
      emphasis "does"
      code "alt"
      emphasis "that"
      emphasis "(WCAG 1.1.1 — a quality judgment, not a pass/fail: an empty name fails, a redundant one is just noisy.)"
    separator
    heading "What the tree can't tell you" (level 2)
    paragraph "The tree is a faithful map of — roles, names, states, structure. Some accessibility problems don't live there at all, and no reading of the tree will surface them:"
      strong "semantics"
    list
      listitem "— a looks perfect in the tree even if its text is unreadable against the background."
        strong "Color contrast"
        code "button "Create account""
      listitem "— whether the focus ring is actually visible is a rendered, interactive property."
        strong "Focus visibility"
      listitem ", target sizes, motion — all geometry and pixels."
        strong "Content obscured by overlays"
    paragraph "For these, reach for a rendering-based checker like and real manual testing with a screen reader. Real A11y is the semantic layer; it composes those tools, it doesn't replace them."
      link "axe-core"
      emphasis "with"
    separator
    heading "See also" (level 2)
    list
      listitem "— how to interpret roles, names, and states in the first place."
        link "Reading the A11y View"
      listitem "— the outline in isolation."
        link "Reading the Headings View"
      listitem "— the subset of these that Real A11y asserts on automatically."
        link "Assertions"
  contentinfo
    link "Edit this page on GitHub"
    paragraph "Last updated:"
      time "[redacted]"
    navigation "Pager"
      link "Next pageGetting Started"