  link "Skip to content"
  banner
    link "Real A11y"
    button "Search"
    navigation "Main Navigation"
      link "Guide"
      link "Recipes"
      link "Packages"
      button "v0.1 · Beta"
    switch "Switch to dark theme"
    link "github"
  complementary
    navigation "Sidebar Navigation"
      button "Introduction"
        heading "Introduction" (level 2)
      link "Getting Started"
        paragraph "Getting Started"
      link "Core Concepts"
        paragraph "Core Concepts"
      link "Accessibility Snapshots"
        paragraph "Accessibility Snapshots"
      link "Snapshots vs. Other Tools"
        paragraph "Snapshots vs. Other Tools"
      link "Why Real A11y?"
        paragraph "Why Real A11y?"
      button "Reading the Tree"
        heading "Reading the Tree" (level 2)
      link "Understanding the Views"
        paragraph "Understanding the Views"
      link "DOM View"
        paragraph "DOM View"
      link "A11y View"
        paragraph "A11y View"
      link "Headings View"
        paragraph "Headings View"
      link "TAB View"
        paragraph "TAB View"
      link "Panel features"
        paragraph "Panel features"
      button "Chrome Extension"
        heading "Chrome Extension" (level 2)
      link "Overview & Install"
        paragraph "Overview & Install"
      button "Packages"
        heading "Packages" (level 2)
      link "@real-a11y-dev/core"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/core"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/inspector"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/inspector"
        link "@real-a11y-dev/testing"
          heading "@real-a11y-dev/testing" (level 3)
        button "toggle section"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/react"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/react"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon"
      button "Recipes"
        heading "Recipes" (level 2)
      link "Next.js (App Router + React 19)"
        paragraph "Next.js (App Router + React 19)"
      link "Storybook 8 + React 19"
        paragraph "Storybook 8 + React 19"
      link "Peer Dependencies"
        paragraph "Peer Dependencies"
      link "CI Diff Bot"
        paragraph "CI Diff Bot"
      button "Reference"
        heading "Reference" (level 2)
      link "Accessible Names"
        paragraph "Accessible Names"
      link "Architecture"
        paragraph "Architecture"
      link "Troubleshooting"
        paragraph "Troubleshooting"
  navigation "On this page"
    heading "On this page" (level 2)
    list
      listitem
        link "Why this exists"
      listitem
        link "The problem with DOM snapshots"
      listitem
        link "Three views, one tree"
      listitem
        link "Deterministic by construction"
      listitem
        link "It models real AT behavior"
      listitem
        link "It catches what a screenshot can't"
      listitem
        link "The same tree, everywhere"
      listitem
        link "Start snapshotting"
  main
    heading "Accessibility Snapshots" (level 1)
      link "Permalink to "Accessibility Snapshots""
    paragraph "An  is a deterministic, human-readable capture of what assistive technology perceives on a page — roles, accessible names, heading outline, and tab order — serialized to a string you can commit and diff in code review."
      strong "accessibility snapshot"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "It's the structural counterpart to rule-based audits. Where a tool like  answers , an accessibility snapshot answers  For how it stacks up against axe, visual regression testing, and Playwright's ARIA snapshots, see ."
      link "axe"
      emphasis ""does this violate a WCAG rule right now?""
      emphasis ""what is the semantic structure — and did it change?""
      link "How Accessibility Snapshots Compare"
    heading "Why this exists" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "Why this exists""
    paragraph "Accessibility is hard to get right. Building — and  — an accessible web app demands fluency in WCAG, ARIA, and the accessible-name algorithm, plus the quirks of real screen readers, which behave differently across NVDA on Windows, VoiceOver on macOS and iOS, and TalkBack on Android. That's a steep wall, and it's a big reason teams ship accessibility bugs they never notice."
      emphasis "testing"
    paragraph "An accessibility snapshot lowers the bar. Because it shows your page exactly as assistive technology structures it — roles, names, headings, focus order — you can read it and answer the questions that matter  being a screen-reader expert:"
      emphasis "without"
    list
      listitem
        emphasis "Does this snapshot match what I think my page contains?"
      listitem
        emphasis "Would this structure make sense to someone who can't see it?"
      listitem
        emphasis "Is anything unlabeled, mis-roled, or out of order?"
    paragraph "You don't need NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack open across three machines to catch a missing label or a heading that jumps from  to . You read the snapshot in your editor, or in a pull-request diff. It doesn't  real screen-reader testing —  — it moves the largest, most mechanical class of problems to where every developer already works."
      code "<h1>"
      code "<h3>"
      emphasis "replace"
      link "more on that"
    heading "The problem with DOM snapshots" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "The problem with DOM snapshots""
    paragraph "A normal  on rendered HTML captures the : every wrapper , class name, and inline style. Two problems follow:"
      code "toMatchSnapshot()"
      strong "DOM"
      code "<div>"
    list
      listitem "A purely visual refactor — renaming a class, nesting another  — churns the snapshot even though nothing a screen-reader user perceives has changed."
        strong "Noise."
        code "<div>"
      listitem "The DOM snapshot says nothing about the  computed from , whether headings skip a level, or what order elements receive focus."
        strong "Blind spots."
        emphasis "accessible name"
        code "aria-labelledby"
    paragraph "An accessibility snapshot inverts both. It captures  what reaches the accessibility tree — the tree at the top of this page — so it's stable against cosmetic change and surfaces exactly the semantics that matter. Rename every wrapper class and the snapshot is byte-identical. Drop the form's , skip from  to , or leave a button unlabeled — and it changes immediately."
      strong "only"
      code "aria-label"
      code "<h1>"
      code "<h3>"
    heading "Three views, one tree" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "Three views, one tree""
    paragraph "Real A11y snapshots the same tree three ways, so you pick the grain that fits the test:"
    table
      rowgroup
        row
          rowheader "Snapshot"
          rowheader "Captures"
          rowheader "Catches"
      rowgroup
        row
          cell "Tree ()"
            strong "Tree"
            link "auditSnapshot"
              code "auditSnapshot"
          cell "Full role + name structure"
          cell "Missing labels, wrong roles, structural drift"
        row
          cell "Outline ()"
            strong "Outline"
            link "outlineSnapshot"
              code "outlineSnapshot"
          cell "Heading hierarchy only"
          cell "Missing <h1>, skipped levels"
            code "<h1>"
        row
          cell "Tab order ()"
            strong "Tab order"
            link "tabSequenceSnapshot"
              code "tabSequenceSnapshot"
          cell "Focus sequence"
          cell "Focus traps, illogical tab order, positive-tabindex surprises"
            code "tabindex"
    heading "Deterministic by construction" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "Deterministic by construction""
    paragraph "The same DOM always produces the same string — no timestamps, generated IDs, or ordering surprises — so  is safe in CI without flakes. For genuinely dynamic content (timestamps, tokens, currency),  replaces the noisy bits while keeping the structure intact:"
      code "toMatchSnapshot()"
      link "redact"
        code "redact"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    heading "It models real AT behavior" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "It models real AT behavior""
    paragraph "Because the snapshot reflects the  accessibility tree — not raw markup — it captures semantics a DOM dump can't. The clearest example is : when a dialog is open, content behind it is inert to assistive tech, so it drops out of the tree. Open a modal and the snapshot (and tab order) collapse to just the dialog — a precise artifact for that state:"
      emphasis "extracted"
      strong "modal scoping"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    heading "It catches what a screenshot can't" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "It catches what a screenshot can't""
    paragraph "A screenshot can be pixel-perfect while the page is broken for assistive technology. Swap a real  for a  styled to match: identical screenshot, gone from the accessibility tree. That regression moves , so a visual snapshot sails right past it — an accessibility snapshot catches it immediately."
      code "<button>"
      code "<div onclick>"
      strong "zero pixels"
    paragraph "Visual snapshots and accessibility snapshots are the two halves of regression testing —  and  — and neither covers the other's blind spot."
      emphasis "how it looks"
      emphasis "what it means"
      link "See the full comparison →"
    heading "The same tree, everywhere" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "The same tree, everywhere""
    paragraph "An accessibility snapshot is the serialized form of the tree you can also  live across Real A11y's surfaces — the , the , and the  all render the same extraction. What you inspect by eye in the panel is what you commit as a snapshot in tests."
      emphasis "see"
      link "Chrome extension"
      link "React panel"
      link "Storybook addon"
    heading "Start snapshotting" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "Start snapshotting""
    list
      listitem "→ , or the ergonomic"
        strong "In Vitest / Jest"
        link "Snapshots reference"
        link "a11ySnapshot() matcher"
          code "a11ySnapshot()"
      listitem "→"
        strong "In Playwright"
        link "the attach() adapter"
          code "attach()"
      listitem "→ the  posts tree diffs on every PR"
        strong "In CI"
        link "CI Diff Bot recipe"
      listitem "→"
        strong "Comparing it to axe, visual testing, or Playwright?"
        link "How Accessibility Snapshots Compare"
  contentinfo
    link "Edit this page on GitHub"
    navigation "Pager"
      link "Previous pageCore Concepts"
      link "Next pageSnapshots vs. Other Tools"