navigation "On this page"
  heading "On this page" (level 2)
  list
    listitem
      link "Skills (v1)"
    listitem
      link "Install"
    listitem
      link "MCP + skills together"
    listitem
      link "Keeping skills current"
main
  heading "Agent Skills" (level 1)
  paragraph "are portable folders of instructions that coding agents (Cursor, Claude Code, Codex, and others) load on demand. Real A11y ships a small set of skills so an agent can pick the right package, wire up MCP, audit a page, write snapshot tests, or gate CI — without guessing from memory."
    link "Agent Skills"
    strong "workflow"
  paragraph "They complement the : MCP exposes (audit, tree, act); skills teach to use those tools and the other surfaces (CLI, testing, Storybook, embeds)."
    link "MCP server"
    strong "tools"
    strong "when and how"
  heading "Skills (v1)" (level 2)
  table
    rowgroup
      row
        columnheader "Skill"
        columnheader "Use when…"
    rowgroup
      row
        cell "choose-real-a11y-surface"
          code "choose-real-a11y-surface"
        cell "You need to pick CLI vs testing vs MCP vs panel vs Storybook vs the extension"
      row
        cell "wire-up-mcp"
          code "wire-up-mcp"
        cell "Connecting @real-a11y-dev/mcp to Cursor, Claude, VS Code, or another client"
          code "@real-a11y-dev/mcp"
      row
        cell "audit-a-page"
          code "audit-a-page"
        cell "Auditing a live URL with MCP or the CLI"
      row
        cell "a11y-act-loop"
          code "a11y-act-loop"
        cell "Clicking / typing by role + accessible name, then diffing the tree"
      row
        cell "a11y-snapshot-tests"
          code "a11y-snapshot-tests"
        cell "Adding Vitest / Jest / Playwright a11y snapshots and flow()"
          code "flow()"
      row
        cell "gate-ci-a11y"
          code "gate-ci-a11y"
        cell "CI gates, PR snapshot → diff, baselines"
      row
        cell "a11y-in-storybook"
          code "a11y-in-storybook"
        cell "Adding the Storybook Semantic Navigator addon"
      row
        cell "embed-semantic-navigator"
          code "embed-semantic-navigator"
        cell "Embedding the panel with @real-a11y-dev/react or inspector"
          code "@real-a11y-dev/react"
          code "inspector"
  heading "Install" (level 2)
  paragraph "Public skills repo not cut yet"
  paragraph "The Netlify-style install one-liner targets a dedicated public repository that is not published yet. Do not install skills from the Real A11y monorepo — that checkout only exposes maintainer workflows, not these consumer ones."
  paragraph
    strong "When the public skills repo ships:"
  button "Copy Code"
  code
  paragraph "copy the skill folders from on into your project’s agent skills directory (for example or ). Each folder is one skill; the folder name must match the in its ."
    strong "Until then (preview):"
    link "community-skills/"
      code "community-skills/"
    code "main"
    code ".agents/skills/"
    code ".cursor/skills/"
    code "name"
    code "SKILL.md"
  paragraph "Pin (or an exact version) on any package the skill installs while the family is in public beta. Keep packages under ."
    code "@beta"
    code "@real-a11y-dev/*"
    code "devDependencies"
  heading "MCP + skills together" (level 2)
  list
    listitem "Connect the MCP server — see ."
      link "Connect it to your client"
    listitem "Install the skills so the agent loads the audit / act-loop workflows."
    listitem "Ask in plain language (“Audit localhost:3000”, “Open the dialog then re-check”)."
  paragraph "Skills never replace reading the package docs. When a skill and disagree, — and that disagreement is a bug to report."
    link "real-a11y.dev"
    strong "the docs win"
  heading "Keeping skills current" (level 2)
  paragraph "Skills are hand-written workflows. In the Real A11y monorepo they are checked against the same public-surface inventory as the website (): a skill that names a removed CLI command or MCP tool fails , and nags when a surface change should update a skill. See the maintainer note in the repo under ."
    code "docs/surface.json"
    code "pnpm surface:check"
    code "pnpm surface:plan"
    code "docs/maintainers/community-skills.md"
contentinfo
  link "Edit this page on GitHub"
  navigation "Pager"
    link "Previous pageGetting Started"
    link "Next pageCore Concepts"