  link "Skip to content"
  banner
    link "Real A11y"
    button "Search"
    navigation "Main Navigation"
      link "Guide"
      link "Recipes"
      link "Packages"
      button "v0.1 · Beta"
    switch "Switch to dark theme"
    link "github"
  complementary
    navigation "Sidebar Navigation"
      button "Introduction"
        heading "Introduction" (level 2)
      link "Getting Started"
        paragraph "Getting Started"
      link "Core Concepts"
        paragraph "Core Concepts"
      link "Accessibility Snapshots"
        paragraph "Accessibility Snapshots"
      link "Snapshots vs. Other Tools"
        paragraph "Snapshots vs. Other Tools"
      link "Why Real A11y?"
        paragraph "Why Real A11y?"
      button "Reading the Tree"
        heading "Reading the Tree" (level 2)
      link "DOM View"
        paragraph "DOM View"
      link "A11y View"
        paragraph "A11y View"
      link "TAB View"
        paragraph "TAB View"
      link "Panel features"
        paragraph "Panel features"
      button "Chrome Extension"
        heading "Chrome Extension" (level 2)
      link "Overview & Install"
        paragraph "Overview & Install"
      button "Packages"
        heading "Packages" (level 2)
      link "@real-a11y-dev/core"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/core"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/inspector"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/inspector"
        link "@real-a11y-dev/testing"
          heading "@real-a11y-dev/testing" (level 3)
        button "toggle section"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/react"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/react"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon"
      button "Recipes"
        heading "Recipes" (level 2)
      link "Next.js (App Router + React 19)"
        paragraph "Next.js (App Router + React 19)"
      link "Storybook 8 + React 19"
        paragraph "Storybook 8 + React 19"
      link "Peer Dependencies"
        paragraph "Peer Dependencies"
      link "CI Diff Bot"
        paragraph "CI Diff Bot"
      button "Reference"
        heading "Reference" (level 2)
      link "Accessible Names"
        paragraph "Accessible Names"
      link "Architecture"
        paragraph "Architecture"
      link "Troubleshooting"
        paragraph "Troubleshooting"
  navigation "On this page"
    heading "On this page" (level 2)
    list
      listitem
        link "My audit returned nothing"
      listitem
        link "Snapshot flaps between runs or between local and CI"
      listitem
        link "Heading outline has no h1"
      listitem
        link "Tab sequence is empty"
      listitem
        link "React hydration mismatch when rendering the panel"
      listitem
        link "Tests pass in jsdom but fail in Playwright (or vice versa)"
      listitem
        link "A11yAssertionError with a message I don't understand"
      listitem
        link "Still stuck?"
  main
    heading "Troubleshooting" (level 1)
      link "Permalink to "Troubleshooting""
    paragraph "The library is designed to fail loudly —  exceptions include the offending element, its location in the tree, and a suggested fix. Most problems are caught there. This page covers the edge cases that look like bugs but usually aren't."
      code "A11yAssertionError"
    heading "My audit returned nothing" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "My audit returned nothing""
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "Three usual causes:"
    list
      listitem "If you call the extractor from a component's body (rather than inside  / ), the ref may not be attached to the DOM. Extract on mount, not during render."
        strong "Root element doesn't exist yet."
        code "useEffect"
        code "onMount"
      listitem "returns  if there's no  landmark yet. Check the return value."
        strong "Selector didn't match."
        code "document.querySelector("main")"
        code "null"
        code "<main>"
      listitem ", , or  on an ancestor excludes the subtree from the a11y tree by design. That's what a screen reader sees — nothing."
        strong "Whole subtree is hidden."
        code "display: none"
        code "visibility: hidden"
        code "aria-hidden="true""
    paragraph "If the tree genuinely is empty but you expect content, open the Chrome extension on the same page and check the A11y view — the same extraction runs there."
    separator
    heading "Snapshot flaps between runs or between local and CI" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "Snapshot flaps between runs or between local and CI""
    paragraph "is deterministic, but it surfaces text that isn't. Common culprits:"
      code "auditSnapshot()"
    list
      listitem "— "2 hours ago", "Updated: 2026-04-23T14:00"."
        strong "Timestamps / relative times"
      listitem "— names, emails, IDs."
        strong "User-generated content"
      listitem "— i18n strings that differ between en/es runs."
        strong "Locale-variable copy"
      listitem "— React's , auth tokens, request IDs."
        strong "Random IDs / correlation tokens"
        code "useId"
      listitem "— "Good morning, Alice"."
        strong "Time-of-day greetings"
    paragraph "Use the  option to replace the noisy patterns with :"
      code "redact"
      code "[redacted]"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "The same option is on the Playwright adapter: ."
      code "sn.auditSnapshot({ redact: [...] })"
    separator
    heading "Heading outline has no h1" (level 2)
      code "h1"
      link "Permalink to "Heading outline has no `h1`""
    paragraph "throws if there is not exactly one . That's correct for top-level pages. For  — a portaled dialog, a docs widget, an email preview iframe — scope the assertion to the subtree that should have its own hierarchy, or skip it."
      code "assertHeadingOrder()"
      code "h1"
      strong "embedded content"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "If your page legitimately has multiple h1s (rare — usually an anti-pattern), the rule doesn't fit your design and  isn't the right check."
      code "assertHeadingOrder"
    separator
    heading "Tab sequence is empty" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "Tab sequence is empty""
    paragraph "lists only  elements. Common reasons for an empty sequence:"
      code "tabSequenceSnapshot()"
      strong "keyboard-focusable"
    list
      listitem "The root is wrapped in , which removes the whole subtree from the focus order (Chrome, Safari, Firefox all honor this)."
        code "[inert]"
      listitem "Every focusable element has  — some design systems over-use this to disable default focus."
        code "tabindex="-1""
      listitem "The subtree is  or ."
        code "display: none"
        code "aria-hidden="true""
      listitem "You're passing a root that doesn't contain the expected elements (e.g. a portaled modal that mounts elsewhere in the DOM)."
    paragraph "If the tab order  be empty on a given route (a 404, a splash screen with no interactive content), suppress the assertion for that route rather than the whole suite."
      emphasis "should"
    separator
    heading "React hydration mismatch when rendering the panel" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "React hydration mismatch when rendering the panel""
    paragraph "If you drop  into an SSR-rendered component tree, the server renders the wrapper  but no inspector content — the inspector mounts on the client. That's fine. Hydration warnings typically come from  sources in the same tree; the panel itself is hydration-safe."
      code "<SemanticNavigator />"
      code "<div>"
      strong "other"
    paragraph "If you're specifically seeing a mismatch on a  that should be an  or , check whether you have Chrome extensions injecting markup into the page — they're a common cause of hydration warnings that look library-related."
      code "<div>"
      code "aside"
      code "nav"
    paragraph "If you're adding your own wrapper around  that uses  during render, wrap that in a mount effect or use ."
      code "<SemanticNavigator />"
      code "document.*"
      code "next/dynamic({ ssr: false })"
    separator
    heading "Tests pass in jsdom but fail in Playwright (or vice versa)" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "Tests pass in jsdom but fail in Playwright (or vice versa)""
    paragraph "jsdom implements most of the accessibility tree, but a few areas diverge from real browsers:"
    list
      listitem "— jsdom's  computation is limited. If your test depends on  or complex CSS-driven visibility, trust Playwright."
        strong "Computed style"
        code "display"
        code "display: contents"
      listitem "— support landed in jsdom later than in browsers. Upgrade to ."
        strong "attribute"
          code "inert"
        code "jsdom ≥ 23"
      listitem "— jsdom's rAF queue differs from browsers; focus traps can look flaky."
        strong "inside"
          code "element.focus()"
          code "requestAnimationFrame"
      listitem "— jsdom is mostly correct but has been known to drop  listeners in edge cases."
        strong "Shadow DOM event retargeting"
        code "composed: true"
    paragraph "The rule: jsdom covers ~95% of cases at jsdom speed. When it diverges, the truth is in Playwright. Use  for the remaining 5%."
      code "@real-a11y-dev/testing/playwright"
    separator
    heading "A11yAssertionError with a message I don't understand" (level 2)
      code "A11yAssertionError"
      link "Permalink to "`A11yAssertionError` with a message I don't understand""
    paragraph "The error message includes the , the  (path from the root), and the . If the reason is still unclear, pair the assertion with a snapshot of the same root — the snapshot shows the element in context."
      strong "element type"
      strong "location in the tree"
      strong "reason"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "Every assertion is documented with an example in ."
      link "@real-a11y-dev/testing"
        code "@real-a11y-dev/testing"
    separator
    heading "Still stuck?" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "Still stuck?""
    list
      listitem "Check the  recipe — most "it doesn't install" issues are peer version mismatches."
        link "Peer Dependencies"
      listitem "Check the relevant recipe (, ) if you're on one of those stacks."
        link "Next.js"
        link "Storybook + React 19"
      listitem "Reproduce in the Chrome extension against the same URL — if the extension also produces the unexpected output, it's a real tree extraction question (open an issue with the minimal HTML). If the extension matches your expectation but the library disagrees, it's likely a config or environment issue."
  contentinfo
    link "Edit this page on GitHub"
    paragraph "Last updated:"
      time "[redacted]"
    navigation "Pager"
      link "Previous pageArchitecture"