  link "Skip to content"
  banner
    link "Real A11y"
    button "Search"
    navigation "Main Navigation"
      link "Guide"
      link "Recipes"
      link "Packages"
      button "v0.1 · Beta"
    switch "Switch to dark theme"
    link "github"
  complementary
    navigation "Sidebar Navigation"
      button "Introduction"
        heading "Introduction" (level 2)
      link "Getting Started"
        paragraph "Getting Started"
      link "Core Concepts"
        paragraph "Core Concepts"
      link "Why Real A11y?"
        paragraph "Why Real A11y?"
      button "Reading the Tree"
        heading "Reading the Tree" (level 2)
      link "DOM View"
        paragraph "DOM View"
      link "A11y View"
        paragraph "A11y View"
      link "TAB View"
        paragraph "TAB View"
      link "Panel features"
        paragraph "Panel features"
      button "Chrome Extension"
        heading "Chrome Extension" (level 2)
      link "Overview & Install"
        paragraph "Overview & Install"
      button "Packages"
        heading "Packages" (level 2)
      link "@real-a11y-dev/core"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/core"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/inspector"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/inspector"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/testing"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/testing"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/react"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/react"
      link "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon"
        paragraph "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon"
      button "Recipes"
        heading "Recipes" (level 2)
      link "Next.js (App Router + React 19)"
        paragraph "Next.js (App Router + React 19)"
      link "Storybook 8 + React 19"
        paragraph "Storybook 8 + React 19"
      link "Peer Dependencies"
        paragraph "Peer Dependencies"
      link "CI Diff Bot"
        paragraph "CI Diff Bot"
      button "Reference"
        heading "Reference" (level 2)
      link "Accessible Names"
        paragraph "Accessible Names"
      link "Architecture"
        paragraph "Architecture"
      link "Troubleshooting"
        paragraph "Troubleshooting"
  navigation "On this page"
    heading "On this page" (level 2)
    list
      listitem
        link "Install"
      listitem
        link "Setup"
      listitem
        link "The panel"
      listitem
        link "How it works"
      listitem
        link "Using the panel effectively"
      listitem
        link "Story parameters"
      listitem
        link "Channel events"
      listitem
        link "Troubleshooting"
      listitem
        link "See it running"
      listitem
        link "Panel features"
  main
    heading "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon" (level 1)
      link "Permalink to "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon""
    blockquote
      paragraph "— One line in  and every story gets a Semantic Navigator panel next to Controls / A11y — showing the tree, heading outline, and tab sequence, updating live as the story re-renders. Reach for this when you  and want per-story a11y insight without writing tests."
        strong "TL;DR"
        code ".storybook/main.ts"
        strong "develop components in Storybook"
    paragraph "A Storybook 8 panel that shows the semantic tree, heading outline, and tab sequence for every story — updated live as the story renders."
    heading "Install" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "Install""
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph ", , , ,"
      strong "Peer dependencies:"
      code "storybook >= 8"
      code "react >= 18"
      code "react-dom >= 18"
      code "@storybook/manager-api >= 8"
      code "@storybook/preview-api >= 8"
    separator
    heading "Setup" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "Setup""
    paragraph "Add the addon to :"
      code ".storybook/main.ts"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "That's it. No decorator, no parameters required. A  panel appears next to Controls, Actions, and A11y for every story."
      strong "Semantic Navigator"
    separator
    heading "The panel" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "The panel""
    paragraph "The panel has three views:"
    table
      rowgroup
        row
          rowheader "Tab"
          rowheader "Shows"
      rowgroup
        row
          cell "Tree"
            strong "Tree"
          cell "Full semantic tree in auditSnapshot() format — indented text showing roles, names, and levels."
            code "auditSnapshot()"
        row
          cell "Outline"
            strong "Outline"
          cell "Heading outline in outlineSnapshot() format — h1..h6 structure for quick structure review."
            code "outlineSnapshot()"
        row
          cell "Tab sequence"
            strong "Tab sequence"
          cell "Focusable elements in tab order via tabSequenceSnapshot()."
            code "tabSequenceSnapshot()"
    paragraph "A mode switcher (A11y / DOM) is available in the panel header. Switching mode re-extracts the tree immediately."
    separator
    heading "How it works" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "How it works""
    paragraph "The addon follows Storybook 8's manager/preview split:"
    list
      listitem
        paragraph "() runs inside the story iframe. It observes  with a  (200ms debounce) and emits  events over the Storybook channel whenever the story DOM changes."
          strong "Preview"
          code "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon/preview"
          code "#storybook-root"
          code "DomObserver"
          code "TREE_UPDATED"
      listitem
        paragraph "() runs in the Storybook UI shell (React). It subscribes to  events and renders the latest snapshot in the panel."
          strong "Manager"
          code "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon/manager"
          code "TREE_UPDATED"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    separator
    heading "Using the panel effectively" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "Using the panel effectively""
    paragraph "Open any story and click the  tab. Then:"
      strong "Semantic Navigator"
    list
      listitem "— inspect the role, accessible name, and ARIA states of every element in the story canvas. Compare what you see here to what the design intent was."
        strong "Tree"
      listitem "— verify the heading hierarchy at a glance. Stories that embed full page templates should still produce a coherent outline."
        strong "Outline"
      listitem "— press the keyboard-navigation icon and confirm the focus order matches user expectation. Disabled controls correctly drop out of the sequence; positive  values show a warning badge."
        strong "Tab sequence"
        code "tabindex"
      listitem "— flip between A11y and DOM modes. In DOM mode you see raw tag names (e.g.  instead of the implicit role); useful to confirm whether a semantic element is actually being rendered."
        strong "Mode toggle"
        code "div"
      listitem "— change a prop (e.g. , ) in the Controls panel and watch the Semantic Navigator panel re-extract within 200 ms. Great for regression-checking state-dependent a11y."
        strong "Combine with Controls"
        code "disabled"
        code "aria-label"
    separator
    heading "Story parameters" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "Story parameters""
    paragraph "You can disable the addon for individual stories:"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    paragraph "TIP"
    paragraph "Per-story assertions (expected outline, expected tab sequence) are planned for v0.2. The channel architecture is already in place to support them."
    separator
    heading "Channel events" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "Channel events""
    paragraph "If you need to integrate with the addon from your own tooling:"
    button "Copy Code"
      code
    separator
    heading "Troubleshooting" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "Troubleshooting""
    paragraph
      strong "Panel shows "Waiting for story to render…""
    paragraph "This means the preview hasn't emitted a  event yet. Check:"
      code "TREE_UPDATED"
    list
      listitem "The story is in  view mode (not )"
        code "story"
        code "docs"
      listitem "exists in the iframe DOM"
        code "#storybook-root"
      listitem "No errors in the Storybook preview console"
    paragraph
      strong "Panel content is out of date after a story change"
    paragraph "The addon listens to  and  events. If your framework delays rendering past the  event, the first snapshot may capture an empty state. A second extraction fires automatically on the next DOM mutation, so the panel catches up within 200ms."
      code "storyRendered"
      code "storyChanged"
      code "storyRendered"
    separator
    heading "See it running" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "See it running""
    list
      listitem "— : Button / Form / Dialog / Navigation stories showing how the panel reacts to Controls changes."
        strong "Storybook 8 + Vite + React"
        link "examples/storybook/"
          code "examples/storybook/"
      listitem "— the  covers the  JSX override needed with React 19 projects."
        strong "Storybook 8 + React 19"
        link "Storybook + React 19 recipe"
        code "viteFinal"
    separator
    heading "Panel features" (level 2)
      link "Permalink to "Panel features""
    paragraph "Inside every story's panel: search, role filters, focus tracking, scoping, live region monitoring, keyboard navigation. Same UI as the Chrome extension and inspector — see the shared reference for what each control does and when to reach for it."
    paragraph "→"
      link "Panel features reference"
  contentinfo
    link "Edit this page on GitHub"
    paragraph "Last updated:"
      time "[redacted]"
    navigation "Pager"
      link "Previous page@real-a11y-dev/react"
      link "Next pageNext.js (App Router + React 19)"