navigation "On this page"
  heading "On this page" (level 2)
  list
    listitem
      link "Short version"
    listitem
      link "Chrome extension — Semantic Navigator"
    listitem
      link "npm packages"
    listitem
      link "Website"
    listitem
      link "Data we might receive anyway"
    listitem
      link "Your rights"
    listitem
      link "Changes to this policy"
    listitem
      link "Contact"
main
  heading "Privacy Policy" (level 1)
  paragraph
    emphasis "Last updated: 2026-10-08"
  paragraph "This policy covers the Real A11y website (), the Semantic Navigator Chrome extension, and the npm packages."
    code "real-a11y.dev"
    code "@real-a11y-dev/*"
  heading "Short version" (level 2)
  list
    listitem "We don't collect personal data."
    listitem "The Chrome extension runs entirely on your device. It does not send page content, URLs, or any other data to any server — ours or anyone else's."
    listitem "The npm library packages run on your device / in your CI and make no network requests. The CLI and MCP server load only the page you point them at — that request goes to your target URL, never to us."
    listitem "The CLI and MCP server print what a page's form fields hold (never a password, one-time code or card field); a strict mode leaves every field value out. ."
      link "Details"
    listitem "The website may use privacy-respecting aggregate analytics (no cookies, no personal identifiers). If enabled, it's disclosed here."
  heading "Chrome extension — Semantic Navigator" (level 2)
  paragraph "By default, the extension reads the DOM of the page you're currently viewing in order to build and display a semantic / accessibility tree in a side panel ("DOM mode"). It acts locally in your browser."
  paragraph "It also offers an opt-in , which stays off until you turn it on: reading Chromium's own accessibility tree over the API (the same protocol DevTools uses), for fidelity DOM mode can't reach (UA-shadow content like media controls). The first time the side panel connects to a page, it asks whether to turn native mode on, in a step that names what it does before anything activates, and nothing attaches until you say yes; while attached, Chrome itself shows its own bar across every window, reading “Semantic Navigator” started debugging this browser, independent of anything this extension displays. Turning the setting back off detaches as soon as any read or action already under way finishes."
    strong "native mode"
    code "chrome.debugger"
  paragraph
    strong "What it does on the page:"
  list
    listitem "Reads the page's DOM (including iframes you can access) to extract roles, accessible names, states, and interaction info."
    listitem "If you've turned on native mode, reads Chromium's accessibility tree for the active tab over instead, while it's attached."
      code "chrome.debugger"
    listitem "On your explicit action (clicking a tree node's action button, pressing , etc.), dispatches the corresponding event on the element — e.g. click a button, focus a field, submit a form."
      code "Enter"
    listitem "Draws a highlight overlay on the element under the cursor in the tree."
  paragraph
    strong "What it does NOT do:"
  list
    listitem "It does not send page content, URLs, DOM snapshots, accessibility-tree data, or any other data to any external server — everything above stays local to your browser, in both DOM and native mode."
    listitem "It does not read from or write to the clipboard."
    listitem "It does not use cookies, local storage, or IndexedDB for any personal data. holds one value: whether native mode is on. While native mode is attached, holds content-free bookkeeping about that attachment (which tab, since when), which Chrome clears when the browser closes. No log of how you use native mode is kept."
      code "chrome.storage.local"
      code "chrome.storage.session"
    listitem "It does not track you across sites or sessions."
    listitem "It contains no analytics, telemetry, advertising, or third-party scripts."
  paragraph
    strong "Permissions and why they're needed:"
  table
    rowgroup
      row
        columnheader "Permission"
        columnheader "Why"
    rowgroup
      row
        cell "activeTab"
          code "activeTab"
        cell "Read the DOM of the page you're viewing to build the tree"
      row
        cell "sidePanel"
          code "sidePanel"
        cell "The extension's UI is a persistent side panel"
      row
        cell "webNavigation"
          code "webNavigation"
        cell "Detect iframe load events to merge subtree data from cross-origin frames"
      row
        cell "debugger"
          code "debugger"
        cell "Powers native mode: reads and acts on Chromium's own accessibility tree over CDP. Requested by every install because chrome.debugger cannot be an optional Chrome permission, but native mode itself is off until you explicitly enable it in the side panel."
          code "chrome.debugger"
      row
        cell "tabs"
          code "tabs"
        cell "Lets native mode read the URL of the tab the side panel is bound to, to tell whether Chrome lets the debugger attach there (it can't on chrome:// pages or the Web Store) and whether the page has navigated since the tree was read. This is a broader grant than that use needs — Chrome does not let an extension request tabs scoped to a single tab, and it technically permits reading the URL and title of every open tab. The code reads only the bound tab's URL; it never enumerates other tabs."
          code "chrome://"
          code "tabs"
      row
        cell "storage"
          code "storage"
        cell "Persists the native-mode on/off setting locally on your device, and, while native mode is attached, content-free bookkeeping about that attachment for the browser session only"
  heading "npm packages" (level 2)
  paragraph "The , , , and packages are pure libraries — as is the extraction engine bundled inside each of them. They:"
    code "@real-a11y-dev/inspector"
    code "@real-a11y-dev/testing"
    code "@real-a11y-dev/react"
    code "@real-a11y-dev/storybook-addon"
  list
    listitem "Run where you run them (browser, Node, jsdom, Playwright)."
    listitem "Make no network requests."
    listitem "Do not "phone home," collect usage data, or check for updates."
    listitem "Have no side effects at install time beyond what / / does normally."
      code "pnpm"
      code "npm"
      code "yarn"
  paragraph "and build on those libraries but additionally drive a headless browser (Playwright) so they can audit a live page. That browser loads — the page you asked to audit — and reads its accessibility tree locally. They send no page content, no results, and no telemetry to us or any third party. Installing the browser with downloads it from Microsoft's Playwright CDN, the same as any Playwright project — that is the only network activity, and it is under your control."
    code "@real-a11y-dev/cli"
    code "@real-a11y-dev/mcp"
    strong "only the URL you give them"
    code "npx playwright install"
  heading "Field values in what they print" (level 3)
  paragraph "What these tools print is page content, and that includes what is . Their live output — the CLI's , , , and diff, the MCP server's tree, list, tab-order and diff tools — shows each field's value the way a screen reader announces it: the text in an email box, a chosen option, a draft in a rich-text editor. Wherever that output goes — your terminal, a CI log, or, for the MCP server, the AI agent you connected it to and that agent's model provider — those values go with it. Nothing is sent anywhere by the tools themselves."
    strong "in the page's form fields"
    code "tree"
    code "tabs"
    code "list"
    code "inspect"
    code "interact"
  paragraph "What they never print is a field the page marks as secret: a field, or one whose names a credential or a payment card (, , , , , , , ). Those read — not the text, not its length. And the text you hand to a command or the tool is never echoed back."
    code "type="password""
    code "autocomplete"
    code "current-password"
    code "new-password"
    code "one-time-code"
    code "cc-number"
    code "cc-csc"
    code "cc-exp"
    code "cc-exp-month"
    code "cc-exp-year"
    code "[redacted]"
    code "type"
    code "type_text"
  paragraph "Outputs meant to be committed or shared — CLI artifacts and the diffs built from them, the MCP server's exported checkpoints — leave field values out unless you ask for them (, or ). That covers each field's own value; text the browser builds into an element's from what a field or rich-text editor holds (a heading typed into an editor, a button around a filled box) is part of the page's names and stays, except for sensitive fields. The strict mode below withholds that too."
    code "snapshot"
    code "--values"
    code "values: true"
    emphasis "name"
  paragraph "To keep every field value and all rich-text editor content out of the output, use the strict mode: (or in ) for the CLI, for the MCP server, in . Use it when a page's ordinary fields may hold something sensitive the markup doesn't say is sensitive. One view is built differently: the keyboard tab order (the CLI's , the MCP server's ) prints no values under the strict mode. A link or button typed into a rich-text editor is not a Tab stop, so it never appears there; a island such as a mention chip is one, and keeps its name."
    code "--redact-input"
    code "defaults.redactInput"
    code "a11y.config.json"
    code "REAL_A11Y_REDACT_INPUT=1"
    code "attach(page, { tree: "native", redactInput: true })"
    code "@real-a11y-dev/testing"
    code "tabs"
    code "get_tab_order"
    code "contenteditable="false""
  heading "Website" (level 2)
  paragraph "The site at is a static VitePress documentation site. The only first-party state is the search index and local preferences (theme selection) stored in your browser's ."
    code "real-a11y.dev"
    code "localStorage"
  paragraph "If we enable analytics in the future, we will:"
  list
    listitem "Use a privacy-respecting, cookie-free provider (e.g. Plausible, Fathom, or Cloudflare Web Analytics)."
    listitem "Update this page to name the provider and what data is collected before enabling."
    listitem "Never use Google Analytics or any product that requires a cookie banner in the EU."
  heading "Data we might receive anyway" (level 2)
  paragraph "If you open an issue, comment, or send email:"
  list
    listitem "GitHub issues / discussions / PRs — subject to . Anything you post there is public."
      link "GitHub's privacy policy"
    listitem "Security reports to or the private GitHub security advisory — handled per ; the email address and content are retained only as long as needed to investigate and fix the reported issue."
      code "security@real-a11y.dev"
      link "SECURITY.md"
    listitem "Code of Conduct reports to — handled confidentially per ."
      code "conduct@real-a11y.dev"
      link "CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md"
  heading "Your rights" (level 2)
  paragraph "If you have questions about this policy or want us to delete any data you've shared with us directly, email . We'll respond within 30 days."
    code "privacy@real-a11y.dev"
  heading "Changes to this policy" (level 2)
  paragraph "Changes are tracked in the git history of . Material changes will bump the "Last updated" date at the top of the page."
    code "website/privacy.md"
  heading "Contact" (level 2)
  list
    listitem "Maintainer: Juan Crisostomo (Real A11y)"
    listitem "Email:"
      code "privacy@real-a11y.dev"
    listitem "GitHub:"
      link "github.com/real-a11y/real-a11y-dev"
contentinfo
  link "Edit this page on GitHub"
  paragraph "Last updated:"
    time "[redacted]"
  navigation "Pager"
    link "Next page Getting Started"